Hey Team Hack!

## Meeting Up Tuesday Nov 10, 2020 at 7pm

Hope you are doing well.  Our next meeting will be over Zoom for Tuesday at 7pm -- please register via [Invite Link](https://zoom.us/j/99365250178?pwd=UGVNdjRKNVh3MWNPcHN3V1FQTmd0dz09). 

*Note: You must have a Zoom account to join, since we want to keep our community a safe space.* 

> If you want to be notified about future emails, please be sure you are on the TeamHack email list by visiting the [TeamHack](https://teamhack.org) landing page and filling out the form.

### Agenda

As some of you know, the most current project we are working on is a **Reusable UI Component library**, see [Issues #2](https://github.com/team-hack/react-components/issues/2) on our Github for full details. 

Though simple, I feel like it will be a good step into learning how to make reusable components in front end with technologies like React, HTML, JS and CSS.  This project will also help us think more about design, especially UI/UX -- which is a NEED to know if you are going to be involved in website development. 

### Your Next Steps

Please be sure you are now familiar with using Github and can 1) fork a repo, 2) create a new branch, 3) make a feature 4) commit your work and 5) submit a pull request. (If not, be sure to read the [Getting Started](https://github.com/team-hack/coding-guidelines/blob/main/gettingstarted.md) guide for help). This will be the workflow in which we work together via remote.  

> As always, reach out via [Discord](https://discord.gg/sFHSVR5) to me @vijay, if you need help.  I have [“Office hours” via Calend.ly](https://calendly.com/hackbuddy) if you need to “pair program” to get up to speed.  

### Paired Programming

We will also have a couple nights in the month where we can pair program together via Twitch [follow HackBuddy's channel here](https://twitch.tv/hackbuddyorg).  If you Twitch as well, free to message me on Discord and if you're a member of TeamHack, you can also post your links as well.

### Wireframe & Project Details

For our meeting, I’ll be going over a wireframe and some research I did on component libraries (you can view these issues here).  We will discuss the wireframe and next steps, especially how to code out these components -- and from there create issues and assign tasks and due dates to individuals.  I expect after the next meeting for our team to begin working primarily on this project and making pull requests.  


If all goes well, we can continue to meet up on this project for the next few weeks over Zoom, talk through any issues and blockers and get them figured out.  Once the project is done, we are free to start another project, possibly something even more complicated -- e.g. a backend project of some sorts.   

### Other Ideas

Anyone with a good idea is free to make a “presentation” or a “demo” and share with the group -- as the ideas with the most votes will get our attention.   It’s also a good way for you to practice “demoing” if you wanted to win over your boss or shareholders in the future, plus it’s fun, lol.

Okay, hope all that makes sense.  See you at [7pm Tuesday night](https://zoom.us/j/99365250178?pwd=UGVNdjRKNVh3MWNPcHN3V1FQTmd0dz09), or earlier via [Discord](https://discord.gg/sFHSVR5).

Vijay
Team Hack Lead
https://teamhack.org


